>> Jen Kramer: So
this URL is the validator for the CSS.
So yesterday we talked
about validation and HTML.
I’m gonna drop this on in here.
>> Jen Kramer: The validator.
>> Jen Kramer: So yesterday we talked
about HTML and the importance of
validating it as a way of checking errors
and making sure you're writing good code.
There's a validator also
that's available for CSS and
it works pretty much the same way
that the HTML validator worked.
So the URL here is
jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator,
I think it's in your notes.
And if you go here to this and
we go to the direct input tab.
Just like we did yesterday, you can
take your CSS, just copy it right out
of your style sheet, drop it on into the
direct input window here, and check it.
>> Jen Kramer: And it will find any
mistakes or errors that you've made.
Hopefully, it says just like this,
Congratulations No errors found.
But if something, quote, doesn't work, and
you just can't find the problem this can
sometimes help you track down the problem.
It's often a curly bracket that's missing,
or you forgot a semicolon, or
some other crazy thing that you did.
That's often what the problem is.